cornucopias calling you got messenger
hello yeah I'm sure the video right now
but I'll be over now hey everybody Tyler
here come back with another review I
just had so much fun the last time we're
gonna have to do another product thanks
for coming back hey wild horses hey you
look good again you your nice cigarette
I don't want to had to work every day
but it seems like whenever we shoot a
video I always have a note I don't know
or could it be your dressing for the
video because you want a little bit
maybe I'm trying to establish a thing
you know my little little nation it's
the guy that wears the suit oh the guy
with the tie that talks about men beauty
that's right anyway so what you got
today today I'm going to review one of
my favorite products ever
it is cocoa butter lip balm by cocoa
care I know you got long arms and all
but we can get a shot of that later okay
let's just do it that way I'm a huge fan
of this product I use it once a day or
once a day at night before I go to bed
take it on pretty thick and I never have
to use any kind of chapstick or anything
throughout the day you mean three to
four times in the last year I've had to
do day applications of this but then one
night application gets me through pretty
much every day otherwise unless it's
really dry and I miss a day when we're
gone for the weekend or something but I
used to have crazy chapped lips like a
car makes those don't only stick your
finger in it and it just melts we get so
chapped it was crazy
other things weren't really helping no
and all I did
we found this then using four to five
years you exclusively as my lip
moisturizer there have been a couple of
times where we thought it was gone we go
to Walgreens or something can't find it
freak out most recent time we did that
and we went ahead and ordered us ten of
them those are the ones I haven't got
for you baby you can't find them at
Walgreens guys check out drugstore calm
you get him home no I'm Nessen
and literally the next weekend we went
to Walgreens and they had a bunch of
them in stock so kind of overreacted I
guess but hey now we've got them we're
done but there's less me years and does
seem to last a long time - there have
been times where you've run out and I
think I got you like a Palmers cocoa
butter stick I've got you maybe a few
different brands over the years what's
the difference between those and these
well I tried it seemed like it was
lighter and I really really like to kick
it home
I just put it on you you've seen it
happen like this go nuts putting it on
my lips right before bed I'd say he
takes at least three laps or at least
three laps but the the other thing I
tried was just so light it wasn't really
sticking and it just didn't didn't work
the same smells okay it's not gonna
knock your socks off the smelling good
but it's not offensive if you're
familiar with cocoa butter it has that
traditional cocoa butter scent so if
you're somebody that's you know whenever
the weather gets dry or haven't won it
cracking lip issues like I used to have
each one of these and put it on every
night thick and it works for me it
probably won't work freeze it's a North
Dakota boy you would think if you would
have had this years and years ago I know
I should number it month I would let my
lips go - until he got super dry and
they're like pieces peeling off of bone
if I don't bring this with me when we
travel like go home for Christmas for a
week or something
we hurtin by the end of the week you're
an addict the cocoa butter enemy what
does he call it a Holy Grail product
yes mr. H misses my Holy Grail Oh
walking out by the road any sees a
suitcase full of baby foxes and uh he
calls the ASP days his ASPCA up and says
excuse me huh I found a suitcase full of
fox cubs out here I think somebody needs
to take a look at it and then the
operator says are they moving and he
says I don't know but that would explain
the suitcase thank you for all the
feedback I got from last Friday's video
we're gonna try to do this once a week
until I run out of products at least he
won't we'll do all kinds of yeah you
call it hashtag tie date Friday Friday
Friday not just cuz I'm wearing a tie
but T Y like Tyler exactly nice see ya